today we are going to prepare some ribs
roast pork with mustard and honey for
we're going to need a piece of
pork ribs in this case I would
I have asked to leave it we are going to
need a little honey this is
natural heather honey then you have to
be careful that if it is a natural honey
we will always need less than if
out an industrial honey
a little olive oil mustard a
little rosemary a glass of white wine
and a broth or soy salt pill goes on
pleasures
let's start by putting the oven
preheated to 180 degrees
we put the ribs in a source of
refractory reflection
we put a little salt
a little bit of olive oil
and we put it to speak it
we are going to prepare the potatoes we are going to
peel wash and we'll cut them in
blades
once we have the potatoes
laminated and washed we will place them
at the source of the roast
once we have placed the potatoes
in the tray as the background around
we reinsert the tray with the
potatoes and ribs in the oven and
let's raise the temperature of the oven
of 180 degrees we had it to 200
Now let's prepare the broth with the
that we're going to water the ribs
let's take a teaspoon of rosemary
the broth pill discarded
to see the broth pill if you have
homemade broth can always be substituted
and gives better result but in absence
then we manage with this
we add a spoonful
of honey
and using it as a reference we're going to
add also two tablespoons of mustard
and now let's take the second
as we see well in this first mix
before adding the olive oil and the
wine
Now that everything is well mixed
we add the wine
we mix again
and we also add a drop of oil one
good spoon
we mix and with this broth let's go
watering the meat every 10 minutes
let's water and now every ten minutes
we will repeat the process of watering
We will leave the meat on this side
half an hour and then we'll turn it around
and we will do it on the other hand another half
hour
and spent about an hour this
it is the result
I hope you like it and until next time